Now deep diving on the gen
wizard
which is option B which is a full suit end to end automation platform.
So it's like it's a full fledged product or platform available.
It caters to
use cases across the technology, deliver life cycles.
As we have already seen, it comes with 350 plus patented assets
ready to use in the platform.
It is secured.
It is
uh
all these compliances,
uh the checks regulations, but
like the security, uh all these responsible A IE assessments,
everything is performed
on this damage R platform,
it is plug and play architecture
and I was talking about switchboard architecture for
selecting multiple LL MS like multi LLM options.
So plug and play means it can integrate
easily with client ecosystem tools like their service.
Now their applications, their
s their dynamics and all.
It also leverages our accenture's industry process repositories like all the
business process documentation for 19 plus industries like let's say we have
our business process documentation for retail insurance, hospitality.
So from all these industries, we have the
business process documentation from level one to level five, right?
So those business processes are also being harvest
like used given as context in regenerator.
Um it's already built
in
plus since uh we can also like we can
take clients, knowledge, clients, documentations and contextualize
into the knowledge base.
So that generative A I produces very client specific
uh
outcome and uh responses.
It, it can integrate with client ecosystem tools.
And if you look at on the top
already, 150 plus use cases are already built in.
Now, these 150 plus use cases includes
A MS use application maintenance, use cases, infrastructure maintenance,
use cases,
application development, use cases, system integration,
use cases and data and A I use cases.
SAP is a platform use cases oracle use cases. So these are all together in 150 plus
now. W why J
is for client?
If client wants to
jump start their generative V I journey, their automation journey through uh
genu
because the use cases are already ready,
ready to use. So
it will be the first choice
like first entry point
to drive this generative journey for our clients
provided.
Clients are OK.
Uh With uh
accenture's IP based software, no restriction on that, right?
So that that is the first entry point.
It has flexibility
of
complementing different functionalities
uh with respect to the generative
use cases in application maintenance, infrastructure maintenance,
application development and system integration,
wide spectrum of use cases covered.
And also we are continuously innovating with an investment of $200 million
to uh to bring more and more use cases, more and more assets
and also collab
like partner with uh ecosystem partners.
Like let's say we are partnering with Copilot.
So we are bringing more and more use
cases with continuous innovation which will help client
to accelerate their generative hygienic.
So
uh why generator
for accenture?
Because we are bringing the best breed of
all the platforms that 350 plus patented assets.
We are leveraging
uh which
differentiates us from the other uh
competitors.
The end to end automation
use cases across modern engineering, modern operations,
migrations and modernization, cloud trans migration
and in the platforms like SAP and oracle uh
sales force and all we are working now. So our sales force work there.
But uh platforms
of Janu
for SAP is already ready
uh in pilot
similarly oracle also
uh last this month,
I think it is ready, getting ready for pile flexible commercial model. But like you,
uh Janu
comes with 150 plus use cases,
it doesn't mean that client has to buy everything or client has to use everything
we can implement,
use case by use case and that will have the different commercial models.
Uh We can uh uh client can go with
software
uh service genu
with a different commercial or
they can buy the enterprise license
or we can do uh uh
uh so gain sharing model of commercial model,
right?
So there are different kind of commercial models,
flexible deploy model we can have genu
uh
being deployed software is a service for client from our multi tenant
uh system
or we can take genu
two clients cloud or clients in uh on premise
or, or also we can host Genard
in
dedicated uh uh environment within our accenture uh network, right?
So these are different deployment models that are available. Flexible is
and
we are like uh
since it covers
150 plus use cases,
uh the the maximum coverage of use cases at
speed and scale we can achieve through generator.
So that's on the Jan
Di
di di di.
Now, let's look at
the gen light, right?
So again, as we said,
it is open open source inspired
by our
400,000
software engineers, developers, testers, software engineers.
So their contributions being harvested in the form of prompts, libraries,
frameworks boards.
And if you look at
it again, this framework also already with all this responsible A I
all kind of security checks and balances.
Again,
all the open source tools used in the framework are being sanitized by accenture,
legal and accenture L MC.
And all
it comes with two kind of versions,
premium person and premium person.
So what is premium,
as I said it, the gen light has to be developed,
leveraging our framework and best practices
so
we can develop it for our client
and hand over to client.
So going forward client will do the announcements,
fixes and everything that is premium
and the
premium version is where we will develop and also with a commercial,
we will be able to provide them announcement support and everything going forward.
So these are the two versions available
now with respect to
uh pre built models in the uh genu
like gen light, our orchestration framework.
What does that mean? Like let's say, let's say we want to
develop an application and we want to
uh leverage and light for that.
Now
we have to generate we will generate user stories.
So we will give a prompt
to large language models to give general user stories.
Then user stories will provide as input to generate architecture.
Then architecture will provide an input to create functional design documents.
Functional design documents will use as an input
to generate technical design document and continues now
how this input and output will be provided, right? That needs orchestration.
Now that orchestration framework is building already available.
So we can liberate that directly.
Similarly
the pre built code and prompt that already I talked about, right?
And also the same business processes that I told for our industries,
same business processes are also
given as a um best practices for
the
light it's already integrated.
Now, uh it's a extensive framework like let us say if client,
since it has to be developed for client,
if client has their own automation platform,
we can leverage on that we can build on that.
And since it is developed for the client, we can do high level of customization
based on what client wants.
And also any large language models can be leveraged.
Because if client says I am, I have already taken bedrock subscription,
then we can develop Gen
Light
using bedrock, right? Or if they say I have a subscription for
PAM, we can develop Gen light using
Pam.
So that's kind of flexibility is there.
Now
it is the choice of entry
if client has their own existing uh uh ecos
automation ecosystem and tooling
and they do not want to be logged in by exchange writing.
And uh
it comes with the uh we we can augment
the Gen Light code base or the Gen Light
uh framework or capabilities with what clients already have
uh their automation tools and automation platform.
Again,
there is a continuous innovation happening in the
gen light to bring more and more framework.
Currently,
Gen
Light is available for system integration development framework like uh use cases
uh again are in uh research and development and going on how we
can bring in the framework for
knowledge management framework for application maintenance,
infrastructure maintenance.
Now, what is there for accenture?
Again?
We are democratizing it through,
through our 4 400,000 plus developers and testers and support engineers
where we are democratizing their
uh the usage, the prompts and all similarly uh genu
with genu,
we are able to cover most of our clients but where clients are not agreeing for
accenture IP based Softwares. Then we we through
gen light, we are able to cover more clients.
As I said, the premium version
is a additional revenue uh
with a license model that we can provide.
After the development,
we can provide ongoing support and announcements
that comes with additional revenue model.
And uh
the uh if if client has a very low budget
and only they want to implement one or two use cases,
their budget is very low. So string budget, very thin budget, then
gen li it comes as a uh so
immediate solution where we can just uh take a
like any kind of a LM subscription and then
develop a chatbot interface and then
give use cases to them with a lower
check.
So that's
all about the
details of general light.
So any questions
uh before I move on,
have we seen clients start with one option and migrate to the other,
either based on their maturity or their pote uh potential maturity?
It is not seen yet but very it will be very unusual, right?
So when you say migrating from
general light to Jr or Jr to General light, right?
See the the very basic fundamental difference is that IP locking, right?
If client has not agreed or their,
their way of working is not to be logged by the
accenture IP S right, then
there is no
chance of
they like if they've already gone for GEN light they,
they will not be agreeing for gen we
because they are not, that is the fundamental difference they have, right?
They do not want to be locked in
by the asset. So we have not seen any scenarios.
And also I feel it is very unusual situation. So Pradeep
if
San
here, so if I understand right on option B right, Gen wizard plus ecosystem tool.
This is more of a my concern to version of
uh accenture. Uh is it right? Like all the assets and tools
lying with you? There is no my concept to my
or my
now
everything is
genu Genz
backbone is all those assets which are part of my
concerto min
and my
wizard.
So now it is genu
if clients have
implemented my
wizard or my
concerto or my
NAV and all
it will be easy to implement the
understand.
So all the artifacts and
things can directly be queried through the prompt.
The question comes if, if client doesn't have my
wizard or any of this, my concept still can we use Gen
Wizard? Yes, because Gen
wizard is an independent platform, it doesn't depend upon anything.
It leverages these assets and all but it is independent.
Got it. And uh the other question comes
if my
wizard is there,
if uh if we
want to upgrade to Janu,
will there be a cost or will there be any time?
Yes, there'll be cost because we are bringing additional capabilities ll MS
uh additional uh hardware and all for hosting vector store and all.
So there'll be cost the only uh advantage it will
be if client has already managed a lot of approvals,
legal approvals, uh data security approvals and all would be there
only few
uh differential approvals we need
to uh upgrade to gen wiser.
Uh Pretty
quick question. Does gen wiser still use plan platform?
There are multiple technologies there,
multiple technologies. It's not only Splunk now, if it is
a a as a software as a service, right? It comes as a docker, right?
You do not need anything, it will install everything as a container, agree.
But where, where will you have the dashboard created?
It will be part of the generator
platform itself,
it has
its own U I and all those things outcome and all you will see the demo,
you will do the hands on and demo of Genard.
OK. So we'll move on. So
whatever we talked about genu
Gen
Light, uh you if anybody asks for a very high level difference,
these are the difference you already we have spoken about.
Uh you can go through this
that this is more, more detailed comparison,
right? I want to highlight a couple of points here.
If you look at here,
the number of use cases.
Uh it is actually 150 plus and growing here.
It is 18 plus and growing because it is now available for
uh system integration and application development uh use cases this framework,
right?
The other difference I want to bring in is gen we
can integrate with accenture ecosystem tools like accenture service.
Now, accenture
Jira and all persons and also with
client ecosystem tools like their client service.
Now, client dynatrace,
client hypo
dynamics. However, gen
light
is a developed for client
in client environment
and
client is not agreeing for accenture IPs. Hence,
it can only integrate with the client ecosystem tools like client service.
Now, client Jira and all
that is one difference.
The other difference that you see is
the time to deploy because
genu
comes with ready to use use cases,
the time taken to start in implementation will be shorter than where in gen light,
you have to develop that solution, complete solution,
leveraging our framework and best practices, prompts and all.
So the kind of timeline and the effort required will be a little higher.
So these are a couple of differences.
Uh The rest of the things we already discussed now edition
three,
when to use what?
So if
you have to come to a situation for your client
that you have to decide between genu
yard
and Gen light and within genu are different hosting options,
then this will be a ready made, ready made uh handy guideline for you.
The first question is
you, you, you know your client,
you know that whether they will be OK with the accenture IP based software,
if yes
then genu
is the option.
The next question is will there be OK
to use software as a service genu
from our multi tenant cloud
means client is OK to share their data and all
into our cloud, right?
If yes, then it is genu
SARS model.
The cost will be very low lowest cost because
this is there is no additional hardware required.
There is uh because it will be used
software as a service from accenture in in environment
uh implementation will be fastest
because
we just need a couple of approvals, legal approval,
approval
and then uh their documentations.
And once those are there, we'll be able to implement use cases.
And then uh but since it is a science
person, we'll it is not very customers dedicated specific. Hence
customization, client specific will be very low. Now, if they're not OK with this
a person,
now we can have multiple hosting options.
We can take
Zanu
to on prem
or
we can take
Zwar to their cloud or we can have dedicated
environment within
our Infra
to host
genu
for the client.
In all the situation,
there will be additional cost because we need hardware,
we need uh we need to configure
uh all those uh um uh set ups.
It can be in the accenture managed cloud or it can be hosted
in client managed cloud elite time will be higher than this as implementation
because all the set up approvals firewall opening
and all those things has to happen.
Uh customization is to some extent possible because
it will be client dedicated. Gen
so
if client wants some kind of customization, then it it might it may be possible.
Now, if they're not OK to be logged in
with uh accenture IP, then that gen light is the op option.
And always, as I said, Gen light has to be developed for clients.
So it will be in the client
cloud or client uh on prem and dedicated environment. No IP lock in
no asset cost from accenture because they are not
ok with accenture assets.
So there will be no cost asset cost,
medium to high cost to develop and customize because it has to be developed.
So cost will be little higher than the other options.
A relatively higher lead time to customize in
client environment because it has to be developed.
So that is what the decisions that we make on, uh how to take a decisions.